Fix typos and add versioning and releasing rules (#496)
NMRLipids/Databank: CONTRIBUTION.md

    open docs/build/html/index.html
```

# Versioning and releasing rules

We use semantic versioning vX.Y.Z where 
- *X* is the major version that changes only with a completely refactored design
- *Y* is the minor version that changes when data storage rules change
- *Z* is the patch that means that we added some features or fixed bugs that didn't affect storage rules

**Releases** should always come when changes are big enough to increase the minor version.
When the patch is committed, the maintainers can decide whether to release it now or a bit later.
Please always check the *RELEASE NOTES* and don't forget to build the version on [readthedocs.io](https://app.readthedocs.org/projects/databank/).

**Documentation** 

# Data handling

FAIRMD Lipids separates codespace from
[the Database](https://github.com/NMRLipids/BilayerData) since June 2025 (v.1.1.0). 
Data contribution rules are moved there accordingly.

**Contributing data**

> If you would like to contribute simulations or experiments, please consult instructions for [Data Contribution](https://nmrlipids.github.io/FAIRMD_lipids/stable/dbcontribute.html).

Author: ```suggestion
If you would like to contribute simulations or experiments, please consult instructions for [Data Contribution](https://databank.readthedocs.io/stable/dbcontribute.html).
```
